advantages and disadvantages of
different fish tank filters this
article's brought to you by fish tank
filters at fish - tank
filters org
all fissioning filters are not created
equal setting up a good fish filter will
make a great difference to the quality
of life of your fish the enjoyment you
get from this great hobby but because
there are so many different types of
filters to choose from you might be
wondering which is the right aquarium
filter for you while it is true that the
ideal filter to get is an external or
canister filter you should also take
budget into consideration below I'll be
stating the advantages and disadvantages
the more popular types of fish tank
filters
corner fishing filters
this is a small plastic box filter which
sits a bottom of the fish tank above the
gravel in a corner of the fish tank the
box contains layers of awesome charcoal
through which water is sucked true and
filtered before exiting from the top the
advantage of the kind of days that it is
that cheap however they are not very
vision and would not be able to keep the
water clear for long and the floors and
charcoal needs to be cleaned frequently
sponge fishing filters water is filtered
through a couple of layers of sponge
while it is slightly better than a
corner filter and just as cheap it too
is not very efficient it needs frequent
leaning the advantage is that it does
not stir the water too hot Annie's ideal
for fry things and Quarantine things
under gravel thing filters a good
low-budget filter which does not
generate too strong currents link once
the under gravel filter is allowed to
function for a while it does a good job
in maintaining the clarity of the water
dirty water is forced to fall down the
tank through the gravel way is trapped
in the empty space beneath the field is
not great it is the gravel that does
most of the filtration so if your fish
tank water is cloudy it will take a
couple of days to clear up properly it
will also require energy an additional
pump forcing the water to the gravel
external site fishing filters filter
sits in a box this hung at a side of the
fish tank and that's all its filtration
outside the tank water is sucked rescue
which travels through a series of
filters that performance biological
mechanical and chemical filtration
before it flows into a truck that spills
back the clean water from the top the
advantage of using this filter is that
it only needs a weekly or fortnightly
clean and clears up cloudy water pretty
quick but because of the strength of its
suction it does have tendency to suck
small fish so you should not use this if
your fish is too long
canister fish tank filters the Ferrari
or fish tank filters the canister filter
is the ideal filter to use if you have
the budget and are serious about your
hobby they need very little maintenance
and that's an excellent job at keeping
your fish tank water clear and Christine
they are the ideal fish tank filter for
busy people who just cannot find the
time to play fish tanks they are however
expensive and are a little strong so you
should only consider a canister fish and
filter if you have a nice large fish
tank I hope you enjoyed the article on
Pantages and disadvantages of different
fish tank filters if you like if you'd
like to know more please visit fishing
filters at fish - tank
- filters or guides on fish tank filters
and more thank you
you